# Lore_Contest_01

PRJKTNEON:~# story.sh /prologue

Located on a remote artic archipelago was a hardened bunker that had been built into the side of of an old abandoned coal mine. This was an interesting facility because it had been used to research, develop, and manufacture technologies that would be used to preserve snapshots of DNA found in animals, plants, and humans that occupied the planet. This initiative was funded by an anonymous group who feared the idea of a free human race was in danger. They wanted to create a facility that would remain as the last hope if needed to re-sequence and return humans to their previous unaltered forms, a back up of man kind if you will. Because of this mission, every contingency was in place to ensure this facility would remain temperature controlled via permafrost and powered with renewable energy sources including the likes of hydroelectric, geothermal, and solar. 

A small group of engineers and scientists would arrive in the summer and would live on the archipelago during the winter before returning home in the spring. This would leave just a small support staff behind to manage and operate the facility. This was a rotation that had been in place since construction was completed six years ago. At the start of the following season, the support staff became concerned when communication from the anonymous group abruptly stopped. They attempted to make contact with some of the previous engineers and scientists who had worked at the facility, but they had also vanished without a trace. When the funding dried up, so did the ability for the support staff to live and work at the facility. 

A resiliency plan had been created to prepare the facility to be left abandoned but operational in the hopes they could soon return to carry out the mission of preservation. The facility was secured and the team packed their belongings and arranged for transport back to the mainland.  Before they headed out of the facility for the last time, one of the staff members who was responsible for the technology infrastructure returned to a machine room that was filled with racks of servers. He had received a flash drive from one of the software engineers before he had left last season to return home for the spring. He said if you ever felt the project was in danger to take action and insert this drive into the server at the very bottom of the first rack. He opened the rack, inserted the drive and PRJKTNEON was deployed.
